#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\begin_preamble

\end_preamble
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package none
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding default
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 0
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 0
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 2cm
\topmargin 2cm
\rightmargin 2cm
\bottommargin 2cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
BUEC-333, Summer 2015
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

Hand-in assignment #1
\end_layout

\begin_layout Date
Deadline: July 8, 14:30
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The goal of hand-in assignment 1 is to get you comfortable with R, so that
 you are ready to answer an original research question once hand-in assignment
 2 comes around.
 You will learn to import data, manipulate it, conduct basic statistical
 analysis, and run simple linear regression.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Rules
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Use the data that is provided through the 
\series bold
textbook
\series default
 website, and read the accompanying data description.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Use 
\series bold
R
\series default
 to answer the questions.
 Other software is not accepted.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
See SFU's information on 
\series bold
plagiarism
\series default
 here: http://www.lib.sfu.ca/help/writing/plagiarism.
 In case plagiarism is detected, I will seek the maximum penalty.
 In particular:
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Using an answer from a fellow student or a tutor will result in a score
 of 0 for the hand-in part of your grade.
 That means that you will be assigned 0 points for 
\series bold
both 
\series default
hand-in assignments.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Acknowledge your sources.
 For example, if you use code from a website, 
\series bold
refer
\series default
 to that website in your answer, and in your code.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
The 
\series bold
open labs
\series default
 are there for you to get help and ask questions: use them!
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
For each question: 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
Give a short written answer
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Write (or type) the code that you used to get that outcome: 
\series bold
without
\series default
 code, you get 
\series bold
0 points.
 
\series default
Exceptions: purely theoretical questions.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Hand in a hard copy of your answers at the start of Test 2.
 Upload the supporting code to Canvas, in one file per empirical exercise.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Exercises
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Stock and Watson, Empirical Exercise 3.2.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Stock and Watson, Empirical Exercise 4.1.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Stock and Watson, Empirical Exercise 5.3.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
