#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\begin_preamble

\end_preamble
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package none
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding default
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 0
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 0
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 2cm
\topmargin 2cm
\rightmargin 2cm
\bottommargin 2cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
BUEC-333, Summer 2016
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

Hand-in assignment #2
\end_layout

\begin_layout Date
Deadline: August 4 at 11:59 (am)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Rules
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
The 
\series bold
open labs
\series default
 are there for you to get help and ask questions: use them!
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Your submission consists of an 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

RMarkdown
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 source code (an .Rmd file), as well as the generated output (an .html file).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Upload these 
\series bold
two (2)
\series default
 files through canvas.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
We will only accept assignments that adhere to strict formatting requirements.
 See the course website (
\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
name "http://chrismuris.github.io/buec333/learnr.html"
target "http://chrismuris.github.io/buec333/learnr.html"

\end_inset

)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Use the data that is provided through the 
\series bold
textbook
\series default
 website, and read the accompanying data description.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
See SFU's information on 
\series bold
plagiarism
\series default
 here: http://www.lib.sfu.ca/help/writing/plagiarism.
 In case plagiarism is detected, I will seek the maximum penalty.
 In particular:
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Using an answer from a fellow student or a tutor will result in a score
 of 0 for the hand-in part of your grade.
 That means that you will be assigned 0 points for 
\series bold
both 
\series default
hand-in assignments.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Acknowledge your sources.
 For example, if you use code from a website, 
\series bold
refer
\series default
 to that website in your answer, and in your code.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
In particular, consult paragraph 4.1.e in SFU's Code of Academic Integrity
 and Good Conduct 
\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
name "http://www.sfu.ca/policies/gazette/student/s10-01.html"
target "http://www.sfu.ca/policies/gazette/student/s10-01.html"

\end_inset

, which reads: 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

"e.
 Cheating in assignments, projects, examinations or other forms of evaluation
 by: i.
 using, or attempting to use, another student’s answers; ii.
 providing answers to other students; iii.
 failing to take reasonable measures to protect answers from use by other
 students; or iv.
 in the case of students who study together, submitting identical or virtually
 identical assignments for evaluation unless permitted by the course Instructor
 or supervisor.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Section*
Exercises
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Stock and Watson, Empirical Exercise 6.1, skip (a)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Stock and Watson, Empirical Exercise 7.1, skip (f)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Stock and Watson, Empirical Exercise 12.1, skip (e)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Stock and Watson, Empirical Exercise 10.1, skip (d)
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
